added coiote tutorials (#164)
AVSystem/developer-zone: docs/Coiote_IoT_DM/Coiote_videos/How_to_perform_secure_Over-the-Air_updates.md

> # How to perform secure Over-the-Air (OTA) updates? (nRF 9160)

Reviewer: There is no such thing as `nRF 9160`. It's either `nRF9160` (which means the chip itself) ot `nRF9160 DK` (which means the Development Kit with the nRF9160 chip).

Reviewer: Still, not every occurrence has been changed.

The LwM2M standard makes Over-the-Air (OTA) updates straightforward, reducing the complexity of implementation and management. What's crucial is that it enhances security through authentication and encryption.

> To demonstrate the potential of a single update, we use an IoT device with nRF 9160 DK integrated with Anjay IoT SDK—a setup that enables LwM2M Connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate the potential of a single update, we will use an IoT device with nRF9160 DK integrated with Anjay IoT SDK— a setup that enables LwM2M Connectivity.
```

Also, what does `an IoT device with nRF9160 DK`? The board acts as an IoT Device itself so it doesn't make any sense for me. But maybe I am wrong...

Author: it's only to highlight the device
